Welcome back.
I wanted to add a quick video to let you know about a common interview trick we're going to be doing
some array questions after this.
But in interviews you should treat any string questions like over here as an array question you see
strings are simply array of characters.
Most of the time in an interview when you get a question like reverse a string you should be thinking
is to convert this into an array do some sort of loop on it or an operation using something like a split
method in javascript and then returning it as a string.
After you've finished the operations with them so that is a very common interview question where you're
manipulating strings.
Just keep that in mind and will actually demonstrate this in the next video.
When we do a very common interview question I'll see you in that one.
Bebai.